(1) What are the benefits of using CSS?
Ans :- html structure is more attractive and beautiful after use css in html. 

(2)  What are the disadvantages of CSS?
Ans :- different size browser in use different size adjustable css is so lengthy.

(3) What is the difference between CSS2 and CSS3? 
Ans :- css3 in some new properties available like mediaquery, animation, flexbox, filter, etc.

(4) Name a few CSS style components
Ans :- id, class , font-size, color, text-align, align-items, background-color, background-image, etc.

(5) What do you understand by CSS opacity?
Ans :- css opacity means how darkness of colors.

(6) How can the background color of an element be changed? 
Ans :-  example:- <h2 style="background-color: aqua;">Brilliant School</h2>

(7) How can image repetition of the backup be controlled? 
Ans :- example:- background:url(images/b1.jpg) no-repeat;

(8) What is the use of the background-position property?
Ans :- the use of background-position properties we set the background position like left, center or right.

(9)  Which property controls the image scroll in the background? 
Ans :- background-attachment: fixed;

(10) Why should background and color be used as separate properties? 
Ans :- 

(11) How to center block elements using CSS1? 
Ans :- using margin property to set the center block element.

(12) How to maintain the CSS specifications?
Ans :- 

(13) What are the ways to integrate CSS as a web page?
Ans :- There are three ways to integrate css as web page (1) inline css (2) internal css (3) external css.

(14) What is embedded style sheets? 
Ans :- embedded css means you can write css in <style> tag in html page.

(15) What are the external style sheets?
Ans :- external css means you can create a new separate css file like style.css and write css here. and css file link in html page using link tag like <link rel="stylesheet" href="style.css">.

(16) What are the advantages and disadvantages of using external style sheets? 
Ans :- advantages :- one change to the style sheet change all linked pages.
       disadvantages :- not used for small html page.

(17) What is the meaning of the CSS selector? 
Ans :- css selector means call the html class, id, and tags.

(18) What are the media types allowed by CSS?
Ans :- 

(19) What is the rule set? 
Ans :-

(20) Create Layouts.
Ans :-